[doc] Add example for caddy v2 forward_auth (#2759)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: docs/docs/configuration/integration.md

          - Authorization
```

> ## Configuring for use with the caddy v2 `forward_auth` directive

Reviewer: Build is failing because of broken link. Backticks can not be used in headers otherwise the HTML links cannot be properly generated

> The [Caddy `forward_auth` directive](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/directives/forward_auth) allowes Caddy to authenticate requests via the oauth2-proxy's `/auth`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Caddy `forward_auth` directive](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/directives/forward_auth) allows Caddy to authenticate requests via the `oauth2-proxy`'s `/auth`.
```

> This example is for a simple reverse proxy setup where the `/oauth2/` path is kept under the same domain and failed auth `(status:401)` request will be catched and redirect to the `sign_in` endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example is for a simple reverse proxy setup where the `/oauth2/` path is kept under the same domain and failed auth requests (401 status returned) will be caught and redirected to the `sign_in` endpoint.
```
